I'm not interested in your friends in
high places and I don't trust
politicians now if we listen to you
would still be rolling drunks for living
you broke to carry that stink of the
streets with you the rest of your life
I like this thing of the streets it
makes me feel good I like to smell it it
opens up my lungs
Arnon Mill Shan presents a Sergio Leone
film starring Robert De Niro Once Upon a
Time in America
the story of friends as boys they made a
pact to share their fortunes degreed
their loves and their lives you'll put
up in your shut up you hear nothing and
you see nothing just like you did for
Bugsy oh you is better off you stayed in
the Bronx as men they shared a dream
swear to God noodles you and me together
we can make it come true to rise
together from poverty to power there
they are Horsemen of the Apocalypse a
dream they followed through two decades
that change the nation
everything is setting yourselves up in
business they forged an empire built on
greed violence and betrayal today they
asked us to get rid of Joe tomorrow they
asked me to get rid of you is that okay
with you it's not okay with me I'm open
it your loose women yeah let's go this
way we're gonna need you guys today
you're the only person that I've ever
cared about
maybe Sharkey was right maybe I oughta
just dump you he's gonna do this he's
gonna do it with or without you it began
as a dream it grew to an empire it ended
as a mystery that refused to die Robert
De Niro James Woods Elizabeth McGovern
Joe Pesci Burt young Tuesday Weld and
treat Williams in a Sergio Leone film
once upon a time in America
you